Questions for Trivia Game: 
1. Which of the following is the commercial crop in India?
A. Mustard
B. tobacco
C. Jute
D. All of the above
Ans:  D
2. Which Indian state produces the largest quantity of pulses?
A. Maharashtra
B. Uttar Pradesh
C. Madhya Pradesh
D. Rajasthan
Ans: C
3. What is the correct descending order of rice producing states in India?
A. Punjab, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh And Andhra Pradesh
B. Punjab, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh And Andhra Pradesh
C. Punjab, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh And Andhra Pradesh
D. West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, And Andhra Pradesh
Ans: D
4. What is the correct descending order of food grain producing states?
A. Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Madhya Pradesh And West Bengal
B. Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh And West Bengal
C. Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, West Bengal And Madhya Pradesh
D. Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab ,And West Bengal
Ans: A
5. Which of the following is not matched correctly?
A. Rabi Crop………Mustard, Cucumber
B. Rabi Crop………Mustard, Barley
C. Zaid Crop………Moong, vegetables
D. Kharif Crop…..Cotton
Ans: A
6. Which of the following statement is not correct?
A. India is the second largest producer of fruits in the world.
B. India is the biggest producer of vegetables in the world.
C. Production of fruits, vegetables and spices called horticulture.
D. Uttar Pradesh is the largest producer of the wheat in India.
Ans: B
7. Which agency is responsible for procurement, distribution and storage of food grain production in India?
A. Ministry of Agriculture
B. Food Corporation of India
C. NAFED
D. TRIFED
Ans: B
8. Who approves the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of sugarcane?
A. Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
B. Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices
C. Directorate of Marketing and Inspection, Ministry of Agriculture
D. Agricultural Produce Market Committee
Ans: A
9. Who regulates the markets in agricultural products in India?
A. Essential Commodities Act, 1955
B. Agricultural Produce Market Committee Act enacted by States
C. Agricultural Produce (Grading and Marking) Act, 1937
D. Food Products Order, 1956 and Meat and Food Products Order, 1973
Ans: B
10. Which of the following statement is not correct?
A. India is the second largest producer of fruits in the world.
B. India is the biggest producer of vegetables in the world.
C. Production of fruits, vegetables and spices called horticulture.
D. Uttar Pradesh is the largest producer of the wheat in India.
Ans: B
